Update README (#2)
Spectral-Finance/scoracle-example: README.md

# scoracle-example

## Prerequisites
`node`, `yarn`, `direnv`

## Getting Started
1. Use node version `16.14.2`: `nvm use 16.14.2`

2. Install dependencies: `yarn install`

> 3. Populate environemnt variables in `.env`. Env vars are managed by using [direnv](https://direnv.net)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Populate environment variables in `.env`. Env vars are managed by [direnv](https://direnv.net)
```

```
ALCH_STAGING_TOKEN=
INFURA_TOKEN=
MNEMONIC=
```

`ALCH_STAGING_TOKEN` - obtain a key from https://www.alchemy.com/.
`INFURA_TOKEN` - obtain a key from https://www.infura.io/

> `MNEMONIC` - to see how obtain your mnemonic, please visit https://www.alphr.com/metamask-get-secret-recovery-phrase/

Author: ```suggestion
`MNEMONIC` - to see how to obtain your mnemonic, please visit https://www.alphr.com/metamask-get-secret-recovery-phrase/
```
